1. It is important to put thought into your IDs and Classes because it makes your code more readable, maintable, and scalable, especially when working on projects where different technologies intersect.
2. Data attributes are custon attributes that can be added to HTML elements to store extra information, in the form of "data-". This is useful to store information that the user cannot see but can be accessed using dataset property in Javascript. This is beneficial for microdata because it provides a standard way to embed machine-readable data in web apps.
3. A DOM fragment is a lightweight document object model that is detached from the main document. It allows you to create and manipulate a group of DOM elements before attaching them to the main document, this is powerful because it improves performance by reducing the number of operations required to update the actual DOM. 
4. The point of a virtural DOM is to improve the performance of updating the actual DOM. Instead of directly manipulating the DOM for every change, it has a lightweight copy of the DOM which gets updated, then compares it with the actual DOM to find the minimal number of changes needed, and finally updates the actual DOM efficiently. This leads to increased performance but it makes the development process complex.
5. You cannot access the class attribute using the class keyword because class is a reserved keyword in JavaScript, thus className is used to not create confusion.
6. addEventListener() is a method used to attach an event handler to an element, which allows you to listen for specific events like clicks, or submissions, it allows you to attach multiple event listeners to the same element and handle different types of events which is good for bigger applications. onClick() is an inline event handlers, it uses less code and is useful for simple applications/ features.